hey how's it going Dave 2d here so I've
been using the same few MacBook
accessories of the past little ball for
the past like year year and a half and I
wanted to see if we could do a little
better I wanted to see if there were
like better versions of the ones I've
been using or just like better products
that kind of did the same kind of thing
so I went to Amazon checked out the
ratings and just like bought a bunch of
stuff and here are five MacBook upgrades
that I was able to come across the first
one I know this sounds a little silly
but this is important to me it's the
case and think this is something that a
lot of people kind of overlook when it
comes to laptops I use a skin on it
which is great I mean it looks cool but
it doesn't give a ton of protection the
case that I'm using in the past is this
it's made by initech it's a great case
the one thing I don't like about it
though is that after a while it starts
to pill this is actually the third one
that I've purchased from them just the
material it's felt it's nice but it
actually starts to get fuzzy and just
kind of gross looking so replace it I
won't find something little bit
different I found this
this thing's rated four and a half star
in Amazon and there's two things that I
really like about it the first one is
the inner lining it's got this like flap
on the inside that protects the edge of
your laptop so oftentimes if you have a
zippered case you'll put your laptop in
and the zipper will just rub against the
case because it's just it's literally
right against the metal or plastic
zipper and I'll just rub and rub and
eventually it can wear down the side of
your laptop this one has a flap in it
the MacBook tucks underneath and it just
protects it from that zippered edge the
other thing I like about it is the
actual zipper itself it's made by a good
company so zippers are often overlooked
when it comes to just cases because you
can stick some really cheap zippers on
these things and get away with it this
is a YKK zipper it's like that japanese
brand super popular brand but it's just
like a very durable well-built case I
highly recommend this okay
next item is something that I had high
hopes for so if you'll remember the old
MacBooks head magazine there's something
that I think a lot of people enjoyed and
something that kind of made mac books
what they were there have been a lot of
products that have kind of tried to
emulate that or replicate that
experience with some kind of magnetic
connection on the USBC thing this was
one of them and I had really high hopes
for this that this video was actually
gonna be about how this was an awesome
upgrade I've had this for three weeks
now and it died literally like 12 hours
ago this thing died just before made
this video so I no longer recommend
this is actually the fourth or fifth
version like some kind of USBC magnetic
thing that I've tried on the MacBook
they all seem to fail over time I've
tried the Griffin one which was bulky
and expensive I've tried some cheaper
ones some moderately priced ones and
finally I tried this one was made by
bass yes or something like that and like
come on man I don't know why they can't
make these things properly but the idea
of it seems simple right it just seems
like a little work but I've tried so
many they all don't seem to work I don't
recommend any of them unfortunately okay
moving along we have this thing is
something you've seen in a lot of my
videos there's various companies that
make this the more popular one is
Satechi I've used that one this one's
made by kwak kwak or something like that
they're all weird names but they all do
the same kind of thing it's good use BC
hub that plugs into your computer and
for the most part they're pretty good
there's one issue that occurs with them
though is that if you use the hub
heavily like if you have a media drive
connected to this for a video edit it
can get quite hot so I found something
that was significantly better so this is
made by its brand name once
Kingston it's like a fancy brand it's 80
bucks so these are normally like 60
bucks it's a little bit more and it's
quite a bit larger but the thermal
performance on this thing is
significantly better this thing barely
gets warm so if you use a hub heavily
and you kind of need to have your files
transferring through these things like
non-stop I highly recommend picking up
one of these because relying on this
like I've had edits to just stop in the
middle of it because this thing gets too
warm so Kingston nucleon that's not bad
name okay moving along this thing we've
seen this a lot of my videos I really
like this batteries made by tanker it's
got power deliveries you can charge
laptops and stuff like that it's a good
battery pack but I found something
that's a little bit better this is made
by a company called jakhary and what
makes this thing kind of special is that
it's got a power outlet built into it so
it's got your standard stuff like use ba
use PC and it charges via a USB C it's
got like an indicator whatever but the
power outlet allows you to connect your
AC adapter to charge this thing
significantly faster than it would be if
you're just using power delivery through
the use PC so a regular battery pack
will charge MacBooks reasonably fast but
when you have a power outlet like this
it actually charges it as if it's
plugged into the wall it's awesome so
it's a little bit bigger I actually
think it's like the same kind of weight
this thing holds twenty thousand
milliamp hours and change this is like
they're good but if you need a battery
pack that can power your laptop while
it's running full tilt like if you're
doing 3d stuff or video editing on the
go and you want to go to just give it
extra juice without an outlet this is
your choice okay
moving along we have the cheapest item
in this whole video it's the nine dollar
USB adapters made by a company called
nanda or Nunda I think it's nonde the
one I've used before is this regular
standard USB dongle just fine this one
is a lot smaller and when it's plugged
up to your laptop it's just a cleaner
look I'd much prefer this aesthetic over
the whole dongle life thing it doesn't
have a perfect review like it's a four
star review on Amazon I think a lot of
that comes from the older model like
there was a 2016 version of this that
was not very reliable and a little bit
bigger but the new ones two thumbs up
okay I looked for an upgrade for the
mouse and there really isn't any you've
seen this a lot my videos like the MX
anywhere 2 s it's a great Mouse they
have them for like 50 55 bucks now but
you can't get anything better at least
in my opinion this is seriously a great
Mouse ok that about wraps it up these
are all like little upgrades that I was
trying to bring my MacBook experience
little bit better and there you have it
some of them most of them are good this
one or any of these magnetic cables are
terrible ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it subs you loved
it
see you guys next time
[Music]